Update README.md (#4)
nanostores/vue: README.md

app.use(devtools)
```

> > Notice: if you using SSR, there is no Vue DevTools on server. Check it's a browser environment: `if (!SERVER) app.use(devtools)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Notice: if you are using SSR, there is no Vue Devtools on server. Check it’s a browser environment: `if (window) app.use(devtools)`
```
